Updated PLEXOS documentation (#115)
NREL/HPC: applications/plexos-hpc-walkthrough/Setup-PLEXOS.md

    <LastLicTypeUsed val="server" />       
  </comms>       
        <UserName val="${USER}" />       
  <Company val="National Renewable Energy Lab" />       
        <UserEmail val="$EMAIL" />       
  <CompanyCode val="6E-86-2D-7E-E2-FF-E9-1C-21-55-40-A0-45-40-A6-F0" />       
</XmlRegistryRoot>'   > ~/.config/PLEXOS/EE_reg.xml
```

Please note that you will need to modify the environment variable `EMAIL` to be
your own work email.

## Setup the PLEXOS Environment

### Setting up for the first time

1. We need to load a few modules and create the requisite conda environment. First,
we need to create a conda environment for PLEXOS.

  ```bash
  module purge
  module load conda
  conda create -n plex1 r-essentials
  ```

2. Log out and log back in. Load the following modules and activate the conda Environment

  ```bash
  module purge
  module load comp-intel intel-mpi mkl conda
  conda activate plex1
  ```

3. We need to install one, `rplexos` library from source. To do this, execute
the following commands

  ```bash
  mkdir /home/$USER/temporary    
  cd /home/$USER/temporary
  git clone https://github.com/NREL/rplexos.git
  cd rplexos
  CXX=`which icpc` R CMD INSTALL .
  ```

>   *Note*: `rplexos` needs to beuilt using an intel compiler and R always wishes to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *Note*: `rplexos` needs to be built using an Intel compiler and R always wishes to
```
